README.md, before:

# sbRct1
_____
Code put together from spring.io guide at
https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/react-and-spring-data-rest/
Files contain comments from the guide explaining code, throughout
_____

Production Notes:
    Possibly, a webserver will need node.js, npm, and java installed in someway. 
    mvnw may need to replace mvn. Does this allow usage of maven on a server without installing maven? Better to install maven? Does this complicate upgrades?

Note: The following must be done manually, and is not included in the pom.xml as in the original guide:
Some work needs to be done understanding the relationship between maven, node.js, spring boot, and the jvm here.
    This works on my computer, because node & java are installed. So how to deploy on different types of webservers.
    
-----
This little plugin perform multiple steps:

The install-node-and-npm command will install node.js and it’s package management tool, npm, into the target folder. (This ensures the binaries are NOT pulled under source control, and can be cleaned out with clean).

The npm command will execute the npm binary with the provided argument (install). This installs modules defined in package.json.

The webpack command will execute webpack binary, which compiles all the JavaScript code based on webpack.config.js.

These steps are run in sequence, essentially installing node.js, downloading JavaScript modules, and building the JS bits.

-----

Commit message:

local server runs, browser shows table with employee name/info
steps:
  from /target:
  try running webpack
  delete package-lock.json
  npm install
  seem to need package.json
  r&D running npm init creates a package.json
  created .npm-init.js in npm root folder
  from target
    npm init --yes
  adjusted package.json in intellij
  /target$ sudo npm install
    success!
  /target$ webpack
    no
  added webpack-cli to dependencies in package.json
  /target$ sudo npm install
    webpack needs newer version
  update webpack version in package.json
    success
  /target$ webpack
    no
  /target$ npm webpack
    no
  added   "scripts": {
    "build": "webpack --config webpack.config.js"
  }, to package.json
  /target$ sudo npm install
  /target$ npm run-script build
    fucking success
  terminal states weback needs a cli installed... prob due to updated version? chose webpack-sli
  terminal shows access denied error, prob need sudo
  added webpack-cli back to package.json
  /target$ sudo npm install
  /target$ npm run-script build
  invalid configuration object / schema; prob version issues?
  will try old version.
  /target$ npm run-script build gives Cannot resolve module 'babel'
  added dependencies for babel etc in package.json, npm install,
  ERROR in ./src/main/js/app.js Module not found: Error: Cannot resolve 'file' or 'directory' ./client in /Users/dw/Dropbox/GitHub/sbRct1/src/main/js
  added /js/client.js from codebase
  ERROR in ./src/main/js/client.js Module not found: Error: Cannot resolve 'file' or 'directory' ./api/uriTemplateInterceptor in /Users/dw/Dropbox/GitHub/sbRct1/src/main/js @ ./src/main/js/client.js 11:29-68
  added thos 2 files from codebase
  /target$ npm run-script build
  success!
  /sbrct1$ mvn spring-boot:run ;
  server runs! browser displays!

README.md, after:

# sbRct1
_____
Code put together from spring.io guide at
https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/react-and-spring-data-rest/
Files contain comments from the guide explaining code, throughout
_____

Production Notes:
    Possibly, a webserver will need node.js, npm, and java installed in someway. 
    mvnw may need to replace mvn. Does this allow usage of maven on a server without installing maven? Better to install maven? Does this complicate upgrades?
    on the walkthrough npm installation via pom.xml: " (This ensures the binaries are NOT pulled under source control, and can be cleaned out with clean)."
Note: The following must be done manually, and is not included in the pom.xml as in the original guide:
Some work needs to be done understanding the relationship between maven, node.js, spring boot, and the jvm here.
    This works on my computer, because node & java are installed. So how to deploy on different types of webservers.
    
-----
This little plugin perform multiple steps:

The install-node-and-npm command will install node.js and it’s package management tool, npm, into the target folder. (This ensures the binaries are NOT pulled under source control, and can be cleaned out with clean).

The npm command will execute the npm binary with the provided argument (install). This installs modules defined in package.json.

The webpack command will execute webpack binary, which compiles all the JavaScript code based on webpack.config.js.

These steps are run in sequence, essentially installing node.js, downloading JavaScript modules, and building the JS bits.

-----
